.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl plugin svcat bind \- Binds an instance's metadata to a secret, which can then be used by an application to connect to the instance


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl plugin svcat bind\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Binds an instance's metadata to a secret, which can then be used by an application to connect to the instance


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-external\-id\fP=""
    The ID of the binding for use with OSB API (Optional)

.PP
\fB\-\-interval\fP=""
    Poll interval for \-\-wait, specified in human readable format: 30s, 1m, 1h

.PP
\fB\-\-name\fP=""
    The name of the binding. Defaults to the name of the instance.

.PP
\fB\-p\fP, \fB\-\-param\fP=""
    Additional parameter to use when binding the instance, format: NAME=VALUE. Cannot be combined with \-\-params\-json

.PP
\fB\-\-params\-json\fP=""
    Additional parameters to use when binding the instance, provided as a JSON object. Cannot be combined with \-\-param

.PP
\fB\-\-secret\fP=""
    Additional parameter, whose value is stored in a secret, to use when binding the instance, format: SECRET[KEY]

.PP
\fB\-\-secret\-name\fP=""
    The name of the secret. Defaults to the name of the instance.

.PP
\fB\-\-timeout\fP=""
    Timeout for \-\-wait, specified in human readable format: 30s, 1m, 1h. Specify \-1 to wait indefinitely.

.PP
\fB\-\-wait\fP=""
    Wait until the operation completes.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-verification\-with\-non\-compliant\-keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/Users/zchee/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  svcat bind wordpress
  svcat bind wordpress\-mysql\-instance \-\-name wordpress\-mysql\-binding \-\-secret\-name wordpress\-mysql\-secret
  svcat bind wordpress\-mysql\-instance \-\-name wordpress\-mysql\-binding \-\-external\-id c8ca2fcc\-4398\-11e8\-842f\-0ed5f89f718b
  svcat bind wordpress\-instance \-\-params type=admin
  svcat bind wordpress\-instance \-\-params\-json '{
  "type": "admin",
  "teams": [
  "news",
  "weather",
  "sports"
  ]
  }'

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl\-plugin\-svcat(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
