.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl apply \- Apply a configuration to a resource by filename or stdin


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl apply\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Apply a configuration to a resource by filename or stdin. The resource name must be specified. This resource will be created if it doesn't exist yet. To use 'apply', always create the resource initially with either 'apply' or 'create \-\-save\-config'.

.PP
JSON and YAML formats are accepted.

.PP
Alpha Disclaimer: the \-\-prune functionality is not yet complete. Do not use unless you are aware of what the current state is. See 
\[la]https://issues.k8s.io/34274\[ra].


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
    Select all resources in the namespace of the specified resource types.

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
    If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-\-cascade\fP=true
    If true, cascade the deletion of the resources managed by this resource (e.g. Pods created by a ReplicationController).  Default true.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    that contains the configuration to apply

.PP
\fB\-\-force\fP=false
    Only used when grace\-period=0. If true, immediately remove resources from API and bypass graceful deletion. Note that immediate deletion of some resources may result in inconsistency or data loss and requires confirmation.

.PP
\fB\-\-grace\-period\fP=\-1
    Period of time in seconds given to the resource to terminate gracefully. Ignored if negative. Set to 1 for immediate shutdown. Can only be set to 0 when \-\-force is true (force deletion).

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-uninitialized\fP=false
    If true, the kubectl command applies to uninitialized objects. If explicitly set to false, this flag overrides other flags that make the kubectl commands apply to uninitialized objects, e.g., "\-\-all". Objects with empty metadata.initializers are regarded as initialized.

.PP
\fB\-\-openapi\-patch\fP=true
    If true, use openapi to calculate diff when the openapi presents and the resource can be found in the openapi spec. Otherwise, fall back to use baked\-in types.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|name|go\-template|go\-template\-file|templatefile|template|jsonpath|jsonpath\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-overwrite\fP=true
    Automatically resolve conflicts between the modified and live configuration by using values from the modified configuration

.PP
\fB\-\-prune\fP=false
    Automatically delete resource objects, including the uninitialized ones, that do not appear in the configs and are created by either apply or create \-\-save\-config. Should be used with either \-l or \-\-all.

.PP
\fB\-\-prune\-whitelist\fP=[]
    Overwrite the default whitelist with <group/version/kind> for \-\-prune

.PP
\fB\-\-record\fP=false
    Record current kubectl command in the resource annotation. If set to false, do not record the command. If set to true, record the command. If not set, default to updating the existing annotation value only if one already exists.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', and '!='.(e.g. \-l key1=value1,key2=value2)

.PP
\fB\-\-server\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, request will be sent to server with dry\-run flag, which means the modifications won't be persisted. This is an alpha feature and flag.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-timeout\fP=0s
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a delete, zero means determine a timeout from the size of the object

.PP
\fB\-\-validate\fP=true
    If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it

.PP
\fB\-\-wait\fP=false
    If true, wait for resources to be gone before returning. This waits for finalizers.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-verification\-with\-non\-compliant\-keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/Users/zchee/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Apply the configuration in pod.json to a pod.
  kubectl apply \-f ./pod.json
  
  # Apply the JSON passed into stdin to a pod.
  cat pod.json | kubectl apply \-f \-
  
  # Note: \-\-prune is still in Alpha
  # Apply the configuration in manifest.yaml that matches label app=nginx and delete all the other resources that are not in the file and match label app=nginx.
  kubectl apply \-\-prune \-f manifest.yaml \-l app=nginx
  
  # Apply the configuration in manifest.yaml and delete all the other configmaps that are not in the file.
  kubectl apply \-\-prune \-f manifest.yaml \-\-all \-\-prune\-whitelist=core/v1/ConfigMap

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-apply\-edit\-last\-applied(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-apply\-set\-last\-applied(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-apply\-view\-last\-applied(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
