.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm init phase upload\-config kubelet \- Uploads the kubelet component config to a ConfigMap


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm init phase upload\-config kubelet\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Uploads kubelet configuration extracted from the kubeadm InitConfiguration object to a ConfigMap of the form kubelet\-config\-1.X in the cluster, where X is the minor version of the current (API Server) Kubernetes version.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to kubeadm config file. WARNING: Usage of a configuration file is experimental.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations are searched for an existing KubeConfig file.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Uploads the kubelet configuration from the kubeadm Config file to a ConfigMap in the cluster.
  kubeadm init phase upload\-config kubelet \-\-config kubeadm.yaml

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-init\-phase\-upload\-config(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
