.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm alpha phase addon all \- Installs all addons to a Kubernetes cluster


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm alpha phase addon all\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Installs the CoreDNS and the kube\-proxy addons components via the API server. Please note that although the DNS server is deployed, it will not be scheduled until CNI is installed.

.PP
Alpha Disclaimer: this command is currently alpha.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-advertise\-address\fP=""
    The IP address the API server is accessible on

.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-bind\-port\fP=6443
    The port the API server is accessible on

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm config file. WARNING: Usage of a configuration file is experimental

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=""
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for various features. Options are:
Auditing=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CoreDNS=true|false (default=true)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (BETA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-repository\fP="k8s.gcr.io"
    Choose a container registry to pull control plane images from

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The KubeConfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations are searched for an existing KubeConfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\-version\fP="stable\-1.11"
    Choose a specific Kubernetes version for the control plane

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-network\-cidr\fP=""
    The range of IP addresses used for the Pod network

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-cidr\fP="10.96.0.0/12"
    The range of IP address used for service VIPs

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-dns\-domain\fP="cluster.local"
    Alternative domain for services


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Installs the CoreDNS and the kube\-proxy addons components via the API server,
  # functionally equivalent to what installed by kubeadm init.
  
  kubeadm alpha phase selfhosting from\-staticpods

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-alpha\-phase\-addon(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
