.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl rolling\-update \- Perform a rolling update. This command is deprecated, use rollout instead.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl rolling\-update\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Perform a rolling update of the given ReplicationController.

.PP
Replaces the specified replication controller with a new replication controller by updating one pod at a time to use the new PodTemplate. The new\-controller.json must specify the same namespace as the existing replication controller and overwrite at least one (common) label in its replicaSelector.

.PP
! 
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/images/docs/kubectl_rollingupdate.svg\[ra]


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
    If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-\-container\fP=""
    Container name which will have its image upgraded. Only relevant when \-\-image is specified, ignored otherwise. Required when using \-\-image on a multi\-container pod

.PP
\fB\-\-deployment\-label\-key\fP="deployment"
    The key to use to differentiate between two different controllers, default 'deployment'.  Only relevant when \-\-image is specified, ignored otherwise

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename or URL to file to use to create the new replication controller.

.PP
\fB\-\-image\fP=""
    Image to use for upgrading the replication controller. Must be distinct from the existing image (either new image or new image tag).  Can not be used with \-\-filename/\-f

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-pull\-policy\fP=""
    Explicit policy for when to pull container images. Required when \-\-image is same as existing image, ignored otherwise.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|name|go\-template|go\-template\-file|template|templatefile|jsonpath|jsonpath\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-poll\-interval\fP=3s
    Time delay between polling for replication controller status after the update. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

.PP
\fB\-\-rollback\fP=false
    If true, this is a request to abort an existing rollout that is partially rolled out. It effectively reverses current and next and runs a rollout

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-timeout\fP=5m0s
    Max time to wait for a replication controller to update before giving up. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

.PP
\fB\-\-update\-period\fP=1m0s
    Time to wait between updating pods. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

.PP
\fB\-\-validate\fP=true
    If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/Users/zchee/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-file\fP=""
    If non\-empty, use this log file

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
    Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
    Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-headers\fP=false
    If true, avoid header prefixes in the log messages

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Update pods of frontend\-v1 using new replication controller data in frontend\-v2.json.
  kubectl rolling\-update frontend\-v1 \-f frontend\-v2.json
  
  # Update pods of frontend\-v1 using JSON data passed into stdin.
  cat frontend\-v2.json | kubectl rolling\-update frontend\-v1 \-f \-
  
  # Update the pods of frontend\-v1 to frontend\-v2 by just changing the image, and switching the
  # name of the replication controller.
  kubectl rolling\-update frontend\-v1 frontend\-v2 \-\-image=image:v2
  
  # Update the pods of frontend by just changing the image, and keeping the old name.
  kubectl rolling\-update frontend \-\-image=image:v2
  
  # Abort and reverse an existing rollout in progress (from frontend\-v1 to frontend\-v2).
  kubectl rolling\-update frontend\-v1 frontend\-v2 \-\-rollback

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
