.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl describe \- Show details of a specific resource or group of resources


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl describe\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Show details of a specific resource or group of resources

.PP
Print a detailed description of the selected resources, including related resources such as events or controllers. You may select a single object by name, all objects of that type, provide a name prefix, or label selector. For example:

.PP
$ kubectl describe TYPE NAME\_PREFIX

.PP
will first check for an exact match on TYPE and NAME PREFIX. If no such resource exists, it will output details for every resource that has a name prefixed with NAME PREFIX.

.PP
Valid resource types include:
.IP \n+[step]

\item all
.br
\item certificatesigningrequests (aka 'csr')
.br
\item clusterrolebindings
.br
\item clusterroles
.br
\item componentstatuses (aka 'cs')
.br
\item configmaps (aka 'cm')
.br
\item controllerrevisions
.br
\item cronjobs
.br
\item customresourcedefinition (aka 'crd')
.br
\item daemonsets (aka 'ds')
.br
\item deployments (aka 'deploy')
.br
\item endpoints (aka 'ep')
.br
\item events (aka 'ev')
.br
\item horizontalpodautoscalers (aka 'hpa')
.br
\item ingresses (aka 'ing')
.br
\item jobs
.br
\item limitranges (aka 'limits')
.br
\item namespaces (aka 'ns')
.br
\item networkpolicies (aka 'netpol')
.br
\item nodes (aka 'no')
.br
\item persistentvolumeclaims (aka 'pvc')
.br
\item persistentvolumes (aka 'pv')
.br
\item poddisruptionbudgets (aka 'pdb')
.br
\item podpreset
.br
\item pods (aka 'po')
.br
\item podsecuritypolicies (aka 'psp')
.br
\item podtemplates
.br
\item replicasets (aka 'rs')
.br
\item replicationcontrollers (aka 'rc')
.br
\item resourcequotas (aka 'quota')
.br
\item rolebindings
.br
\item roles
.br
\item secrets
.br
\item serviceaccounts (aka 'sa')
.br
\item services (aka 'svc')
.br
\item statefulsets (aka 'sts')
.br
\item storageclasses (aka 'sc')

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\-namespaces\fP=false
    If present, list the requested object(s) across all namespaces. Namespace in current context is ignored even if specified with \-\-namespace.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to files containing the resource to describe

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-uninitialized\fP=false
    If true, the kubectl command applies to uninitialized objects. If explicitly set to false, this flag overrides other flags that make the kubectl commands apply to uninitialized objects, e.g., "\-\-all". Objects with empty metadata.initializers are regarded as initialized.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', and '!='.(e.g. \-l key1=value1,key2=value2)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-events\fP=true
    If true, display events related to the described object.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-verification\-with\-non\-compliant\-keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/home/username/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Describe a node
  kubectl describe nodes kubernetes\-node\-emt8.c.myproject.internal
  
  # Describe a pod
  kubectl describe pods/nginx
  
  # Describe a pod identified by type and name in "pod.json"
  kubectl describe \-f pod.json
  
  # Describe all pods
  kubectl describe pods
  
  # Describe pods by label name=myLabel
  kubectl describe po \-l name=myLabel
  
  # Describe all pods managed by the 'frontend' replication controller (rc\-created pods
  # get the name of the rc as a prefix in the pod the name).
  kubectl describe pods frontend

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
