.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm upgrade node config \- Downloads the kubelet configuration from the cluster ConfigMap kubelet\-config\-1.X, where X is the minor version of the kubelet.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm upgrade node config\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Downloads the kubelet configuration from a ConfigMap of the form "kubelet\-config\-1.X" in the cluster, where X is the minor version of the kubelet. kubeadm uses the \-\-kubelet\-version parameter to determine what the desired kubelet version is. Give


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    Do not change any state, just output the actions that would be performed.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations are searched for an existing KubeConfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-version\fP=""
    The \fIdesired\fP version for the kubelet after the upgrade.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Downloads the kubelet configuration from the ConfigMap in the cluster. Uses a specific desired kubelet version.
  kubeadm upgrade node config \-\-kubelet\-version v1.13.0
  
  # Simulates the downloading of the kubelet configuration from the ConfigMap in the cluster with a specific desired
  # version. Does not change any state locally on the node.
  kubeadm upgrade node config \-\-kubelet\-version v1.13.0 \-\-dry\-run

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-upgrade\-node(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
