.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm alpha phase addon coredns \- Installs the CoreDNS addon to a Kubernetes cluster


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm alpha phase addon coredns\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Installs the CoreDNS addon components via the API server. Please note that although the DNS server is deployed, it will not be scheduled until CNI is installed.

.PP
Alpha Disclaimer: this command is currently alpha.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm config file. WARNING: Usage of a configuration file is experimental

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=""
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for various features. Options are:
Auditing=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CoreDNS=true|false (default=true)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
SelfHosting=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
StoreCertsInSecrets=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-repository\fP="k8s.gcr.io"
    Choose a container registry to pull control plane images from

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The KubeConfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations are searched for an existing KubeConfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\-version\fP="stable\-1.11"
    Choose a specific Kubernetes version for the control plane

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-cidr\fP="10.96.0.0/12"
    The range of IP address used for service VIPs

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-dns\-domain\fP="cluster.local"
    Alternative domain for services


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-alpha\-phase\-addon(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
