.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kube\-scheduler \-


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkube\-scheduler\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Kubernetes scheduler is a policy\-rich, topology\-aware,
workload\-specific function that significantly impacts availability, performance,
and capacity. The scheduler needs to take into account individual and collective
resource requirements, quality of service requirements, hardware/software/policy
constraints, affinity and anti\-affinity specifications, data locality, inter\-workload
interference, deadlines, and so on. Workload\-specific requirements will be exposed
through the API as necessary.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-address\fP="0.0.0.0"
    DEPRECATED: the IP address on which to listen for the \-\-port port (set to 0.0.0.0 for all IPv4 interfaces and :: for all IPv6 interfaces). See \-\-bind\-address instead.

.PP
\fB\-\-algorithm\-provider\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: the scheduling algorithm provider to use, one of: ClusterAutoscalerProvider | DefaultProvider

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    The path to the configuration file. Flags override values in this file.

.PP
\fB\-\-contention\-profiling\fP=false
    DEPRECATED: enable lock contention profiling, if profiling is enabled

.PP
\fB\-\-failure\-domains\fP="kubernetes.io/hostname,failure\-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/zone,failure\-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/region"
    Indicate the "all topologies" set for an empty topologyKey when it's used for PreferredDuringScheduling pod anti\-affinity.

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
APIListChunking=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
APIResponseCompression=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AdvancedAuditing=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
BalanceAttachedNodeVolumes=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
BlockVolume=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CPUManager=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CRIContainerLogRotation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIPersistentVolume=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomPodDNS=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomResourceSubresources=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CustomResourceValidation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DebugContainers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DevicePlugins=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
EnableEquivalenceClassCache=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExpandPersistentVolumes=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExperimentalCriticalPodAnnotation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExperimentalHostUserNamespaceDefaulting=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
GCERegionalPersistentDisk=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
HugePages=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
HyperVContainer=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
Initializers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
MountContainers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
MountPropagation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
PersistentLocalVolumes=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
PodPriority=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PodShareProcessNamespace=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
QOSReserved=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ReadOnlyAPIDataVolumes=true|false (DEPRECATED \- default=true)
ResourceLimitsPriorityFunction=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
RotateKubeletClientCertificate=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
RunAsGroup=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ScheduleDaemonSetPods=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ServiceNodeExclusion=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ServiceProxyAllowExternalIPs=true|false (DEPRECATED \- default=false)
StorageObjectInUseProtection=true|false (default=true)
StreamingProxyRedirects=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SupportIPVSProxyMode=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SupportPodPidsLimit=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
TaintBasedEvictions=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
TaintNodesByCondition=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
TokenRequest=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
VolumeScheduling=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
VolumeSubpath=true|false (default=true)

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-hard\-pod\-affinity\-symmetric\-weight\fP=1
    RequiredDuringScheduling affinity is not symmetric, but there is an implicit PreferredDuringScheduling affinity rule corresponding to every RequiredDuringScheduling affinity rule. \-\-hard\-pod\-affinity\-symmetric\-weight represents the weight of implicit PreferredDuringScheduling affinity rule.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-burst\fP=100
    DEPRECATED: burst to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-content\-type\fP="application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
    DEPRECATED: content type of requests sent to apiserver.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-qps\fP=50
    DEPRECATED: QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: path to kubeconfig file with authorization and master location information.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\fP=true
    Start a leader election client and gain leadership before executing the main loop. Enable this when running replicated components for high availability.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-lease\-duration\fP=15s
    The duration that non\-leader candidates will wait after observing a leadership renewal until attempting to acquire leadership of a led but unrenewed leader slot. This is effectively the maximum duration that a leader can be stopped before it is replaced by another candidate. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-renew\-deadline\fP=10s
    The interval between attempts by the acting master to renew a leadership slot before it stops leading. This must be less than or equal to the lease duration. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-resource\-lock\fP="endpoints"
    The type of resource object that is used for locking during leader election. Supported options are \fB\fCendpoints\fR (default) and \fB\fCconfigmaps\fR.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-retry\-period\fP=2s
    The duration the clients should wait between attempting acquisition and renewal of a leadership. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-lock\-object\-name\fP="kube\-scheduler"
    DEPRECATED: define the name of the lock object.

.PP
\fB\-\-lock\-object\-namespace\fP="kube\-system"
    DEPRECATED: define the namespace of the lock object.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP=""
    The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig)

.PP
\fB\-\-policy\-config\-file\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: file with scheduler policy configuration. This file is used if policy ConfigMap is not provided or \-\-use\-legacy\-policy\-config=true

.PP
\fB\-\-policy\-configmap\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: name of the ConfigMap object that contains scheduler's policy configuration. It must exist in the system namespace before scheduler initialization if \-\-use\-legacy\-policy\-config=false. The config must be provided as the value of an element in 'Data' map with the key='policy.cfg'

.PP
\fB\-\-policy\-configmap\-namespace\fP="kube\-system"
    DEPRECATED: the namespace where policy ConfigMap is located. The kube\-system namespace will be used if this is not provided or is empty.

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=10251
    DEPRECATED: the port on which to serve HTTP insecurely without authentication and authorization. If 0, don't serve HTTPS at all. See \-\-secure\-port instead.

.PP
\fB\-\-profiling\fP=false
    DEPRECATED: enable profiling via web interface host:port/debug/pprof/

.PP
\fB\-\-scheduler\-name\fP="default\-scheduler"
    DEPRECATED: name of the scheduler, used to select which pods will be processed by this scheduler, based on pod's "spec.schedulerName".

.PP
\fB\-\-use\-legacy\-policy\-config\fP=false
    DEPRECATED: when set to true, scheduler will ignore policy ConfigMap and uses policy config file

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-write\-config\-to\fP=""
    If set, write the configuration values to this file and exit.


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
