.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl get \- Display one or many resources


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl get\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Display one or many resources

.PP
Prints a table of the most important information about the specified resources. You can filter the list using a label selector and the \-\-selector flag. If the desired resource type is namespaced you will only see results in your current namespace unless you pass \-\-all\-namespaces.

.PP
Uninitialized objects are not shown unless \-\-include\-uninitialized is passed.

.PP
By specifying the output as 'template' and providing a Go template as the value of the \-\-template flag, you can filter the attributes of the fetched resources.

.PP
Use "kubectl api\-resources" for a complete list of supported resources.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\-namespaces\fP=false
    If present, list the requested object(s) across all namespaces. Namespace in current context is ignored even if specified with \-\-namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
    If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-\-chunk\-size\fP=500
    Return large lists in chunks rather than all at once. Pass 0 to disable. This flag is beta and may change in the future.

.PP
\fB\-\-export\fP=false
    If true, use 'export' for the resources.  Exported resources are stripped of cluster\-specific information.

.PP
\fB\-\-field\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (field query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', and '!='.(e.g. \-\-field\-selector key1=value1,key2=value2). The server only supports a limited number of field queries per type.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to files identifying the resource to get from a server.

.PP
\fB\-\-ignore\-not\-found\fP=false
    If the requested object does not exist the command will return exit code 0.

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-uninitialized\fP=false
    If true, the kubectl command applies to uninitialized objects. If explicitly set to false, this flag overrides other flags that make the kubectl commands apply to uninitialized objects, e.g., "\-\-all". Objects with empty metadata.initializers are regarded as initialized.

.PP
\fB\-L\fP, \fB\-\-label\-columns\fP=[]
    Accepts a comma separated list of labels that are going to be presented as columns. Names are case\-sensitive. You can also use multiple flag options like \-L label1 \-L label2...

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers (default print headers).

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-raw\fP=""
    Raw URI to request from the server.  Uses the transport specified by the kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', and '!='.(e.g. \-l key1=value1,key2=value2)

.PP
\fB\-\-server\-print\fP=true
    If true, have the server return the appropriate table output. Supports extension APIs and CRDs.

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=true
    When printing, show all resources (default show all pods including terminated one.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-kind\fP=false
    If present, list the resource type for the requested object(s).

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-use\-openapi\-print\-columns\fP=false
    If true, use x\-kubernetes\-print\-column metadata (if present) from the OpenAPI schema for displaying a resource.

.PP
\fB\-w\fP, \fB\-\-watch\fP=false
    After listing/getting the requested object, watch for changes. Uninitialized objects are excluded if no object name is provided.

.PP
\fB\-\-watch\-only\fP=false
    Watch for changes to the requested object(s), without listing/getting first.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/Users/zchee/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-file\fP=""
    If non\-empty, use this log file

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
    Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
    Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-headers\fP=false
    If true, avoid header prefixes in the log messages

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # List all pods in ps output format.
  kubectl get pods
  
  # List all pods in ps output format with more information (such as node name).
  kubectl get pods \-o wide
  
  # List a single replication controller with specified NAME in ps output format.
  kubectl get replicationcontroller web
  
  # List deployments in JSON output format, in the "v1" version of the "apps" API group:
  kubectl get deployments.v1.apps \-o json
  
  # List a single pod in JSON output format.
  kubectl get \-o json pod web\-pod\-13je7
  
  # List a pod identified by type and name specified in "pod.yaml" in JSON output format.
  kubectl get \-f pod.yaml \-o json
  
  # Return only the phase value of the specified pod.
  kubectl get \-o template pod/web\-pod\-13je7 \-\-template={{.status.phase}}
  
  # List all replication controllers and services together in ps output format.
  kubectl get rc,services
  
  # List one or more resources by their type and names.
  kubectl get rc/web service/frontend pods/web\-pod\-13je7

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
