.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm upgrade node experimental\-control\-plane \- Upgrades the control plane instance deployed on this node. IMPORTANT. This command should be executed after executing \fB\fCkubeadm upgrade apply\fR on another control plane instance


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm upgrade node experimental\-control\-plane\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Downloads the kubelet configuration from a ConfigMap of the form "kubelet\-config\-1.X" in the cluster, where X is the minor version of the kubelet. kubeadm uses the \-\-kubelet\-version parameter to determine what the desired kubelet version is. Give


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    Do not change any state, just output the actions that would be performed.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-upgrade\fP=true
    Perform the upgrade of etcd.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations are searched for an existing KubeConfig file.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Downloads the kubelet configuration from the ConfigMap in the cluster. Uses a specific desired kubelet version.
  kubeadm upgrade node config \-\-kubelet\-version v1.13.0
  
  # Simulates the downloading of the kubelet configuration from the ConfigMap in the cluster with a specific desired
  # version. Does not change any state locally on the node.
  kubeadm upgrade node config \-\-kubelet\-version v1.13.0 \-\-dry\-run

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-upgrade\-node(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
