.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl create \- Create a resource from a file or from stdin.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl create\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Create a resource from a file or from stdin.

.PP
JSON and YAML formats are accepted.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
    If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.

.PP
\fB\-\-edit\fP=false
    Edit the API resource before creating

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to files to use to create the resource

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|name|go\-template|go\-template\-file|template|templatefile|jsonpath|jsonpath\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-raw\fP=""
    Raw URI to POST to the server.  Uses the transport specified by the kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-record\fP=false
    Record current kubectl command in the resource annotation. If set to false, do not record the command. If set to true, record the command. If not set, default to updating the existing annotation value only if one already exists.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-save\-config\fP=false
    If true, the configuration of current object will be saved in its annotation. Otherwise, the annotation will be unchanged. This flag is useful when you want to perform kubectl apply on this object in the future.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', and '!='.(e.g. \-l key1=value1,key2=value2)

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-validate\fP=true
    If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it

.PP
\fB\-\-windows\-line\-endings\fP=false
    Only relevant if \-\-edit=true. Defaults to the line ending native to your platform.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/Users/zchee/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-file\fP=""
    If non\-empty, use this log file

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
    Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
    Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-headers\fP=false
    If true, avoid header prefixes in the log messages

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Create a pod using the data in pod.json.
  kubectl create \-f ./pod.json
  
  # Create a pod based on the JSON passed into stdin.
  cat pod.json | kubectl create \-f \-
  
  # Edit the data in docker\-registry.yaml in JSON then create the resource using the edited data.
  kubectl create \-f docker\-registry.yaml \-\-edit \-o json

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-clusterrole(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-clusterrolebinding(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-configmap(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-deployment(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-job(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-namespace(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-poddisruptionbudget(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-priorityclass(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-quota(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-role(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-rolebinding(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-secret(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-service(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-create\-serviceaccount(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
