.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm init phase certs ca \- Generates the self\-signed Kubernetes CA to provision identities for other Kubernetes components


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm init phase certs ca\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Generates the self\-signed Kubernetes CA to provision identities for other Kubernetes components, and saves them into ca.cert and ca.key files.

.PP
If both files already exist, kubeadm skips the generation step and existing files will be used.

.PP
Alpha Disclaimer: this command is currently alpha.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
    The path where to save and store the certificates.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to kubeadm config file. WARNING: Usage of a configuration file is experimental.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-init\-phase\-certs(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
