.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl exec \- Execute a command in a container


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl exec\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Execute a command in a container.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-container\fP=""
    Container name. If omitted, the first container in the pod will be chosen

.PP
\fB\-p\fP, \fB\-\-pod\fP=""
    Pod name

.PP
\fB\-i\fP, \fB\-\-stdin\fP=false
    Pass stdin to the container

.PP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-tty\fP=false
    Stdin is a TTY


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/Users/zchee/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-file\fP=""
    If non\-empty, use this log file

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
    Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
    Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-headers\fP=false
    If true, avoid header prefixes in the log messages

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Get output from running 'date' from pod 123456\-7890, using the first container by default
  kubectl exec 123456\-7890 date
  
  # Get output from running 'date' in ruby\-container from pod 123456\-7890
  kubectl exec 123456\-7890 \-c ruby\-container date
  
  # Switch to raw terminal mode, sends stdin to 'bash' in ruby\-container from pod 123456\-7890
  # and sends stdout/stderr from 'bash' back to the client
  kubectl exec 123456\-7890 \-c ruby\-container \-i \-t \-\- bash \-il
  
  # List contents of /usr from the first container of pod 123456\-7890 and sort by modification time.
  # If the command you want to execute in the pod has any flags in common (e.g. \-i),
  # you must use two dashes (\-\-) to separate your command's flags/arguments.
  # Also note, do not surround your command and its flags/arguments with quotes
  # unless that is how you would execute it normally (i.e., do ls \-t /usr, not "ls \-t /usr").
  kubectl exec 123456\-7890 \-i \-t \-\- ls \-t /usr

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
