.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl set env \- Update environment variables on a pod template


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl set env\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Update environment variables on a pod template.

.PP
List environment variable definitions in one or more pods, pod templates. Add, update, or remove container environment variable definitions in one or more pod templates (within replication controllers or deployment configurations). View or modify the environment variable definitions on all containers in the specified pods or pod templates, or just those that match a wildcard.

.PP
If "\-\-env \-" is passed, environment variables can be read from STDIN using the standard env syntax.

.PP
Possible resources include (case insensitive):

.PP
pod (po), replicationcontroller (rc), deployment (deploy), daemonset (ds), job, replicaset (rs)


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
    If true, select all resources in the namespace of the specified resource types

.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-containers\fP="*"
    The names of containers in the selected pod templates to change \- may use wildcards

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.

.PP
\fB\-e\fP, \fB\-\-env\fP=[]
    Specify a key\-value pair for an environment variable to set into each container.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to files the resource to update the env

.PP
\fB\-\-from\fP=""
    The name of a resource from which to inject environment variables

.PP
\fB\-\-list\fP=false
    If true, display the environment and any changes in the standard format. this flag will removed when we have kubectl view env.

.PP
\fB\-\-local\fP=false
    If true, set env will NOT contact api\-server but run locally.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-overwrite\fP=true
    If true, allow environment to be overwritten, otherwise reject updates that overwrite existing environment.

.PP
\fB\-\-prefix\fP=""
    Prefix to append to variable names

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-resolve\fP=false
    If true, show secret or configmap references when listing variables

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-verification\-with\-non\-compliant\-keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/Users/zchee/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Update deployment 'registry' with a new environment variable
  kubectl set env deployment/registry STORAGE\_DIR=/local
  
  # List the environment variables defined on a deployments 'sample\-build'
  kubectl set env deployment/sample\-build \-\-list
  
  # List the environment variables defined on all pods
  kubectl set env pods \-\-all \-\-list
  
  # Output modified deployment in YAML, and does not alter the object on the server
  kubectl set env deployment/sample\-build STORAGE\_DIR=/data \-o yaml
  
  # Update all containers in all replication controllers in the project to have ENV=prod
  kubectl set env rc \-\-all ENV=prod
  
  # Import environment from a secret
  kubectl set env \-\-from=secret/mysecret deployment/myapp
  
  # Import environment from a config map with a prefix
  kubectl set env \-\-from=configmap/myconfigmap \-\-prefix=MYSQL\_ deployment/myapp
  
  # Remove the environment variable ENV from container 'c1' in all deployment configs
  kubectl set env deployments \-\-all \-\-containers="c1" ENV\-
  
  # Remove the environment variable ENV from a deployment definition on disk and
  # update the deployment config on the server
  kubectl set env \-f deploy.json ENV\-
  
  # Set some of the local shell environment into a deployment config on the server
  env | grep RAILS\_ | kubectl set env \-e \- deployment/registry

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl\-set(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
