.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm alpha phase kubelet write\-env\-file \- Writes an environment file with runtime flags for the kubelet.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm alpha phase kubelet write\-env\-file\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Writes an environment file with flags that should be passed to the kubelet executing on the master or node. This \-\-config flag can either consume a InitConfiguration object or a JoinConfiguration one, as this function is used for both "kubeadm init" and "kubeadm join".

.PP
Alpha Disclaimer: this command is currently alpha.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to kubeadm config file (WARNING: Usage of a configuration file is experimental)


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Writes a dynamic environment file with kubelet flags from a InitConfiguration file.
  kubeadm alpha phase kubelet write\-env\-file \-\-config masterconfig.yaml
  
  # Writes a dynamic environment file with kubelet flags from a JoinConfiguration file.
  kubeadm alpha phase kubelet write\-env\-file \-\-config nodeconfig.yaml

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-alpha\-phase\-kubelet(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
